seven castro but all his side but here
The captain
we have a serious problem but yes
where I came here to win
I'm fine, so no focus here was
here are going to play brazil loose
they know everyone has this player
You know that we're here, so I
I got people but someone has to
do with the force with the heart if
equip quickly vilma 0 over the oratory
Lord before the idea and it should end you.
has sword and lot of mushroom soup
poisonous to say I'm looking in your
eyes are not seeing
then the mouth do not look it concerns the
disrespect for authority and plant and
good squid, there's no chance you're going to
do it now
now the following is the following
not wide foot face is stint pee
You'll be on the streets now, Mr.
It's okay, I think it's here. It's there.
is not native and shishin will speak in the sky
guarding 20 and here that xique xique
xique xique - school gives more to
make a mistake and let the thing start
with your taste at least you expect
get kind of 20 of every good fast people
It has to be very fast to 20 each
of these many people that was what
came back over with the theme was already
Thank you's requirement of European is the
plan to play in the middle very good liked
of the party is a defection from their
where red command can not
no one will work closely with them
here alone
Ok I got caught as you have 70 's
every two out of 100 becciu that only
two of each not to the wood after
how will she at least guarantee 25 years
wood chain said the idea for the
at least 16 wooden trunks and you expensive
down to find the stone china
stone you will progress in your life and
say progression should be accurate
apezzatto and there you
with this you will find china in the sky and silva
arises but requires being exists and or
exists because I've already seen
long ago when the
ancient bug lord to him about the game
melzer but Brazil is difficult because I
I want them to break the truth
Liar, do not lie, boy, tell me if it was
my second game against assu
while as she has nine six
My god is my son, you do not have to go.
have trouble with mello pick up the bottle
the quick idea has to have 30 out of 21
You must have at least bad of each
some of mine do not wanna be I can not
do anything about it you
So forget he's going to another.
yes I am I do this put me in the
ground gets better break until you risk
Nothing, no wonder, is that you?
They shouted to have dinner there so we would win alone.
Hungry
roger got the deal, I'm sorry.
go back and now have 10 seconds
to be able to love only this speaks if played
I came back against you is a mother
I 'm in the Lord minus 450 minus 136
Sir, yes, sir, yes, it's good, then.
go
I repeat the English and I repeat yet
It's there, I got pitanguy.
the system is placed on top of the
Lady, this means, and then you do.
all that needs to be done minus 450
while the site is 136
positive nor negative has lost 136
negative yes, sir
- with 156 here I thought I think
I found 00 mark what you up here
be the last came all but no no it is not
a car with calm does not kill
This guy is going to kill you. I do not want to.
burn your business should not lord
kills it does not kill the current forum and not
kill my sky god
My god, I marked 0000. We have one.
problem
marks of war
It was my rhythm, kiss, it may already be
Lord, with my life, play with me.
Come here with me, it's coming down.
meanwhile the protect Dora was so
people already know my bid was born brazil
Okay, I'm good, I'm reborn, too.
which will be a dialogue or diplomacy of
magic with the arrested Mario but the money
It's good to see you.
It could be worse because if I am and I am
now in the middle game looking where you have
with honey what to say but could postpone
483 202 my dear did not invest
huge around me too
looking for you will find you think
consume bright square suns on the bar
old
you believe me to be believe
I really believe you, I have faith that
You will one day be the best player.
This game of the world is love love
love only if the one that is the sixth
better playing with you but
found plants and flowers to draw
noc after only cute I gave
remember to say okay then say the staff
mushrooms and you already have
command
be any surface with android
Iran and part of it looking with bronze
I do not know, you have to be
begin to die as notions win
are more present in life is important
says not only for the life they give
Better life with melzer or wrong
you're doing has to be like them
and then you survive understand you do not
I wish I fell on the air a question called
For me, I 'm falling on purpose, yes it is.
what's that
Our lady and my god died
the mascara god who substance lord of the
Bonfim in favor of button and mark at 0
I played in infinity
then you fall further in the accelerator
You understand why you're wanting anything.
we will end up at the beautiful end
appearance
Sorry, sir, the better elected.
I liked it, I did not like it, it was very
good congratulations to I'll I'll even make
rotate max asks or does not fit it
to have a bruising tumor between siblings
always with you and my 12 minutes of
combat
and all of them I was thinking of you
and the master problems with the team
Thank you, sir, this is death.
the tomb of the mark zero followed 3,000 god
which gave us the goal
we have to innovate do not know that you are
new ground zero
you are madly in lic favorite in favor
of Haiti its new zero mark
So you liked this video, did you?
I liked it and added favorite on the bottom and
also visit the sea channel 0 0
that's it that's it that's it very marx
thank you
do not forget about your favorite life and get
subscribe to the zero-frame channel of
watch lots of television and as a vitamin
accurate and stay strong exactly a new
monkey and died officer